[Music]
oh my gosh guys the cloud deserted the
airport
i mean it is 11 30 p.m at night but i've
like never
seen honolulu airport like this before
okay hi i am decked out
in all of my gear um gloves on
got the whole thing i am ridiculously
uncoordinated but
i kind of couldn't care less um this is
really weird this is what flying during
a pandemic is like
basically every single part of my body
that has like exposed in
almost every part is covered so
this is really interesting um
i just checked in it was totally fine
they just had glass like covering
in between you and the person that was
checking you in um but it went like
super smoothly
there was nothing really special about
that um i got my boarding passes
sorry if it's loud you can't there's a
loud speaker going off but
i got my boarding passes but they only
checked me in for my flight from
honolulu to san francisco
and then san francisco to tokyo narita
and my flight from narita to incheon
is on jeju air so
they said i'm gonna need to go to the
gate and get my boarding pass like
when i land in narita so i only have two
boarding passes right now but i think
that's okay
i should be fine i think jedra is like
the one of the only
airlines if not the only that's going in
between um japan and korea right now so
i'm glad i'm on it i'm about to go get
into security so it says no mask no
entry for security
you have to have a map
no differentiation between pre or
regular passengers
literally
there's absolutely no one here
[Music]
okay that's less than a minute later
that's literally the fastest i've ever
been through pre-check in my life
um is this this is so crazy
i'm dying it's like 80 something degrees
outside
this is this is very necessary for
someone who's gonna be flying 25 hours
oh no
also i don't even know if you guys can
understand me with this mess
is it worth talking i don't know also
i'm in a bathroom
that's why i'm listening because i feel
like it's really weird
well i've already ripped through my
gloves so that's great
hey guys wow i look a mess
i'm so tired um i landed in san
francisco
i got an hour of sleep on the plane like
they had us packed like
literally it was like as packed as a
flight as they'd been on like
pre-code it was no empty metal seats
like
everyone packed next to each other and
then when we got up and we're like
getting our bags and getting ready to
de-plane
the captain was like please stay six
feet apart please stay six feet apart
and like kept repeating that and
everyone was just laughing because it
was like
the entire flight we were like arm to
arm with
everyone else so it's made no sense
um yeah so
i landed in san francisco like seven
something a.m
it is now 10 15 a.m
and i had like two calls right when i
landed
so that was fun i was not coherent for
any of them
um so i apologize to the people i was
talking to you i probably sounded
so out of it which i was only got an
hour of sleep
um and then i just like crashed in a
airport chair and that's how the
three hours went by and now
i'm walking to my gate
[Music]
wait this is so cool you can control the
tint
of the window
i don't know if it's showing up on
camera but it's like tinted like super
blue right now
and then when i do this it opens up and
lets like a lot of light in
that's so cool so instead of shades
that's what they have
this is so much better
so i'm feeling a lot better get three
two seats to myself i'm pretty sure i
haven't found them yet
and on the seat map it didn't show that
anyone had them so
i think i'll be able to lay out and
sleep which is great because it's like
an 11 hour plate
so look how dark for the days right now
i don't know if it's showing up on
camera but they're like a bright
[Music]
turquoise
made a friend
here we go
[Music]
me
oh
[Applause]
foreign
isolation in two weeks so we need your
sign in here okay
so korea you can speak
a little bit you can read you cannot
read
this paper so
from here your name and regeneration
festival numbers
please fill out this information
and then present here okay
[Music]
i'm going to go
i think you're up yeah you're up
okay i have so many updates um
but a lot happened because my camera
died right when i was going through my
temperature check and everything so
i have to go downstairs in like five
minutes they just
dropped off breakfast basically long
story short i'll get into it later but
we are at a hotel
i had like a slight fever like slate
like a normal is 98.6 i think i was like
99.
and then it came down to like 98.7 they
still were like
you're like a little high so i was
sectioned off with like a bunch of
people
and we were all taken through like so
many temperature tracks and everything
through like immigration like everything
healthcare workers led us to a bus there
was like maybe 15 of us
and then we went like one minute to this
hotel
which is like the airport hotel and then
they put us in here and they're just
like basically we're waiting for your
test results because we got tested for
corona
i think everyone gets tested eventually
but we got tested
at the airport it hurt so much the guy
just took it in both
because for some reason it wouldn't work
in the first one
i don't know if he tried this nostril
and then it wouldn't work so we did this
one
he was really nice though and then they
did a throat swab
and then they did a throat swab and
yeah wow i can insert a picture but it's
like they stick it all the way back
crazy and they were like these little
orange booths where you just went and
got tested inside and it was like
they wiped it down in between each
person and it was really well done they
really are so synchronized and on top of
their stuff
so props to the korean government
um but anyway yeah so i spent the night
in the hotel
um we're supposed to go
downstairs to check out by 8 35
i'm still not entirely sure what's gonna
happen because i'm the only
i'm the only american um
i can take a little korean so i'm
getting by with that but
everyone's been super nice and been
helping me yeah i think they're gonna
take us back to the airport now
and i'm not sure what's gonna happen
they called it like seven o'clock this
morning or just like be ready
um and then another woman called me
later like 7 30 and she was
like your test results are negative um
please be downstairs by like 8 15.
we're gonna check out 8 35 so i'm just
scarfing down my breakfast
because i don't know when i'm gonna get
food next and then i'm gonna check out
and we'll see what happens all right
i have everything i need to bring down
my passport
and my room key and let's see what
happens
changed out of my airport attire into
something a little better
also they separate the elevators by
people without the virus
and people with it which is very smart
[Music]
you